<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head><meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/><title>Lab 4-5 Answer Key: Performing Initial Router StartupEPUB 3a959fd08-369e-42f9-8dc2-6c261988e5f7</title><link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="ContentPackages/Core/Stylesheets/Core.css?bv=72"/><link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="ContentPackages/Core/Stylesheets/jquery-ui-all.css?bv=72"/><link type="text/css" rel="STYLESHEET" href="ContentPackages/Core/Stylesheets/jquery.alerts.css?bv=72"/></head><body class=""><div class="Topic" id="N20001"><div class="Topic_Title">Lab 4-5 Answer Key: Performing Initial Router Startup</div><div class="TitledBlockType"><div class="TitledBlockType_Title">Workgroup Switch Configuration</div><div class="ParagraphType"><div class="Wysiwyg">When you complete this activity, your workgroup switch configuration will be similar to the results here:</div><div class="CodeEPUB">!<br/>version 12.1<br/>no service pad<br/>service timestamps debug uptime<br/>service timestamps log uptime<br/>service password-encryption<br/>!<br/>hostname SwitchX<br/>!<br/>enable secret 5 $1$sp6s$VPcXra8OKtFa0W1AdmdJQ.<br/>enable password 7 00071A150754<br/>!<br/>username netadmin password 7 070124584F0D140C19<br/>ip subnet-zero<br/>!<br/>no ip domain-lookup<br/>ip domain-name cisco.com<br/>ip ssh time-out 120<br/>ip ssh authentication-retries 3<br/>ip ssh version 2<br/>vtp domain ICND<br/>vtp mode transparent<br/>!<br/>!<br/>spanning-tree mode rapid-pvst<br/>no spanning-tree optimize bpdu transmission<br/>spanning-tree extend system-id<br/>!<br/>!<br/>!<br/>!<br/>vlan 2<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/1<br/> switchport mode access<br/> switchport port-security<br/> switchport port-security maximum 2<br/> switchport port-security violation restrict<br/> switchport port-security mac-address sticky<br/> switchport port-security mac-address sticky 0006.d72e.b7c1<br/> switchport port-security mac-address sticky 001b.0deb.4b81<br/>!<br/><span class="WysiwygEmph">interface FastEthernet0/2</span> <span class="WysiwygEmph"><br/> switchport mode access</span> <span class="WysiwygEmph"><br/> spanning-tree portfast</span> <span class="WysiwygEmph"><br/></span>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/3<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/4<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/5<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/6<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/7<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/8<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/9<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/10<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/11<br/> switchport mode access<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/12<br/> switchport mode access<br/> speed 100<br/> duplex full<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/13<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/14<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/15<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/16<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/17<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/18<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/19<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/20<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/21<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/22<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/23<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface FastEthernet0/24<br/> switchport mode access<br/> shutdown<br/>!<br/>interface Vlan1<br/> ip address 10.1.1.10 255.255.255.0<br/> no ip route-cache<br/>!<br/>ip default-gateway 10.1.1.3<br/>ip http server<br/>banner login ^C<br/>*********************************<br/>Authorized Use Only!<br/>*********************************^C<br/>!<br/>line con 0<br/> exec-timeout 60 0<br/> password 7 0100070A5104150A<br/> logging synchronous<br/> login<br/> history size 100<br/>line vty 0 4<br/> password 7 0100070A5104150A<br/> logging synchronous<br/> login local<br/> history size 100<br/> transport input telnet ssh<br/>line vty 5 15<br/> password 7 095F4F07130A0417<br/> logging synchronous<br/> login local<br/> history size 100<br/> transport input telnet ssh<br/>!<br/>!<br/>end</div></div></div><div class="TitledBlockType"><div class="TitledBlockType_Title">Workgroup Router Configuration</div><div class="ParagraphType"><div class="Wysiwyg">The output of the <span class="WysiwygEmph">erase startup-config</span> command is displayed here. Remember that the username “cisco” and password “cisco” come from the default Cisco SDM configuration. Your output will be similar to the results here:</div><div class="CodeEPUB">!<br/><br/>!<br/><br/>Username: cisco<br/>Password:<br/>yourname#erase startup-config<br/>Erasing the nvram filesystem will remove all configuration files! Continue?<br/>[confirm]<br/>[OK]<br/>Erase of nvram: complete<br/>yourname#<br/>*Mar 13 17:28:00.003: %SYS-7-NV_BLOCK_INIT: Initialized the geometry of nvram<br/>yourname#reload<br/>Proceed with reload? [confirm]<br/><br/>*Mar 13 17:28:07.939: %SYS-5-RELOAD: Reload requested by console. Reload Reason:<br/>Reload Command.<br/><br/>System Bootstrap, Version 12.4(13r)T, RELEASE SOFTWARE (fc1)<br/>Technical Support: http://www.cisco.com/techsupport<br/>Copyright (c) 2006 by cisco Systems, Inc.<br/><br/>Initializing memory for ECC<br/>.<br/>c2811 platform with 262144 Kbytes of main memory<br/>Main memory is configured to 64 bit mode with ECC enabled<br/><br/>Upgrade ROMMON initialized<br/>program load complete, entry point: 0x8000f000, size: 0xcb80<br/>program load complete, entry point: 0x8000f000, size: 0xcb80<br/><br/>program load complete, entry point: 0x8000f000, size: 0x228d9f8<br/>Self decompressing the image :<br/>#######################################################################<br/>##################################################################### [OK]<br/><br/>Smart Init is enabled<br/>smart init is sizing iomem<br/>ID           MEMORY_REQ                 TYPE<br/>0003E7       0X003DA000 C2811 Mainboard<br/>             0X00263F50 Onboard VPN<br/>             0X000021B8 Onboard USB<br/>             0X002C29F0 public buffer pools<br/>             0X00211000 public particle pools<br/>TOTAL:       0X00B13AF8<br/><br/>If any of the above Memory Requirements are<br/>"UNKNOWN", you may be using an unsupported<br/>configuration or there is a software problem and<br/>system operation may be compromised.<br/>Rounded IOMEM up to: 12Mb.<br/>Using 4 percent iomem. [12Mb/256Mb]<br/><br/>            Restricted Rights Legend<br/><br/>Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is<br/>subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph<br/>(c) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted<br/>Rights clause at FAR sec. 52.227-19 and subparagraph<br/>(c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer<br/>Software clause at DFARS sec. 252.227-7013.<br/><br/>         cisco Systems, Inc.<br/>         170 West Tasman Drive<br/>         San Jose, California 95134-1706<br/><br/><br/>Cisco IOS Software, 2800 Software (C2800NM-ADVIPSERVICESK9-M), Version 12.4(12), RELEASE SOFTWARE (fc1)<br/>Technical Support: http://www.cisco.com/techsupport<br/>Copyright (c) 1986-2006 by Cisco Systems, Inc.<br/>Compiled Fri 17-Nov-06 12:02 by prod_rel_team<br/>Image text-base: 0x40093160, data-base: 0x42B00000<br/><br/><br/>This product contains cryptographic features and is subject to United<br/>States and local country laws governing import, export, transfer and<br/>use. Delivery of Cisco cryptographic products does not imply<br/>third-party authority to import, export, distribute or use encryption.<br/>Importers, exporters, distributors and users are responsible for<br/>compliance with U.S. and local country laws. By using this product you<br/>agree to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If you are unable<br/>to comply with U.S. and local laws, return this product immediately.<br/><br/>A summary of U.S. laws governing Cisco cryptographic products may be found at:<br/>http://www.cisco.com/wwl/export/crypto/tool/stqrg.html<br/><br/>If you require further assistance please contact us by sending email to<br/>export@cisco.com.<br/><br/>Cisco 2811 (revision 49.46) with 249856K/12288K bytes of memory.<br/>Processor board ID FTX1050A3Q6<br/>2 FastEthernet interfaces<br/>2 Serial(sync/async) interfaces<br/>1 Virtual Private Network (VPN) Module<br/>DRAM configuration is 64 bits wide with parity enabled.<br/>239K bytes of non-volatile configuration memory.<br/>62720K bytes of ATA CompactFlash (Read/Write)<br/><br/>        --- System Configuration Dialog ---<br/><br/>Would you like to enter the initial configuration dialog? [yes/no]: no<br/><br/><br/>Press RETURN to get started!<br/><br/>sslinit fn<br/><br/>*Mar 13 17:29:36.819: %VPN_HW-6-INFO_LOC: Crypto engine: onboard 0  State changed to: Initialized<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:36.819: %VPN_HW-6-INFO_LOC: Crypto engine: onboard 0  State changed to: Enabled<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:38.087: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface VoIP-Null0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:38.087: %LINK-3-UPDOWN: Interface FastEthernet0/0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:38.087: %LINK-3-UPDOWN: Interface FastEthernet0/1, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:38.087: %LINK-3-UPDOWN: Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:38.087: %LINK-3-UPDOWN: Interface Serial0/0/1, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:39.491: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/0, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:39.495: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/1, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:39.495: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:39.495: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Serial0/0/1, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:41.311: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/1, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:29:41.371: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:30:04.463: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:30:07.223: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to up<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:02.663: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:44.471: %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface FastEthernet0/0, changed state to administratively down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:44.471: %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface FastEthernet0/1, changed state to administratively down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:44.471: %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface Serial0/0/0, changed state to administratively down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:44.475: %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface Serial0/0/1, changed state to administratively down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:44.491: %IP-5-WEBINST_KILL: Terminating DNS process<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:45.471: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/0, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:45.471: %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface FastEthernet0/1, changed state to down<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:46.007: %SYS-5-RESTART: System restarted --<br/>Cisco IOS Software, 2800 Software (C2800NM-ADVIPSERVICESK9-M), Version 12.4(12), RELEASE SOFTWARE (fc1)<br/>Technical Support: http://www.cisco.com/techsupport<br/>Copyright (c) 1986-2006 by Cisco Systems, Inc.<br/>Compiled Fri 17-Nov-06 12:02 by prod_rel_team<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:46.011: %SNMP-5-COLDSTART: SNMP agent on host Router is undergoing a cold start<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:46.219: %SYS-6-BOOTTIME: Time taken to reboot after reload =  216 seconds<br/>*Mar 13 17:31:46.399: %CRYPTO-6-ISAKMP_ON_OFF: ISAKMP is OFF</div></div></div></div></body></html>